and my greatest triumph was near the
final campaign in my long war against
superman the continuous battle was
draining his powers and when he went
to space to recharge their energies with
the yellow sun of the earth attack but
my obsession had prevented me from seeing the
true threat the real enemy
from the earth
flashlight get in with someone of your size
live concentrate your attack on him
while I call the artillery
and this is the time for you to join the
party
come on come on we have science controls
that kill
have you lost something greetings sisters
do not
na
what happened here nobody kill the bat
except me
already to bring it to me
yes
are you crazy
live
do not
to embrace the hands of a normal man
and everything has not rotated
i enjoy
brainiac has returned had been
stealing the powers of the protectors
of the earth for years but we were
busy fighting among us to
see the danger with you three dead
brainiac did not take long to eliminate the
remaining heroes and the lucky ones
they died fighting
in the end I was the only survivor one
rat on the walls of the construction
of brainiac I have traveled through the
time to tell us it is my past
but your future means the end of
humanity and all together we have to
change it
I think sweat sex give you the opportunity to
fight is lying is some kind of
cheat because we should trust you
because if you do not, the earth is
condemned
I've tried the former vice de brainiac and what
be liberated in terrestrial atmosphere
contain the powers stolen from
heroes and villains of my time and they are the
will grant to anyone with whom
contact the sexual ones will create a new
race of supermen to fight
the queen's invasion we must teach them
to use their new skills as
will be in front of the battle that
looming oh my gloomy future is
will become the post
I just hope it's not too late
because I would not be here to see this
new future my work has not yet
finished
I must leave you this land reclaimed from
power of the ex bytes and take the destination
in your hands
og